https://codepen.io/coderjoe8/pen/JjXrdyX?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML gives more meaning to information on a webpage and is designed to help with accessibility
2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used to create structure and meaning on webpages
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes provide additional information and characteristics about elements and are always placed in the start tag (or opening tag)
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The <h1> tag is a heading tag, specifically a heading tag that represents the most important heading.  We should use it only once per page. 
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Two tags that have required attributes are images and links
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    We place metadata in the head of our HTML document 
7. What is an id? 
    An "id" is an HTML attribute used to specify a unique id for an HTML element
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    An id can be assigned to every element on your web page but it still must only be used once
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    We can use the id attribute once per page 
10. What is a class? 
    A class is an HTML attribute which specifies one or more class names for an element
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    A class can be added to any element
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    The same class can be used as many times as necessary
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    To get your link to open in a new tab simple add target="_blank" to your anchor tag 
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    The alt attribute in the image tag specifies alternative text for a specific image if for some reason that image cannot be displayed
15. How do I reference an id?
    To reference an id add a hash character (#) followed by an idd 
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    The difference between a section and a div is that a section references content that is logically connected or grouped by meaning while a div simply represents a division 
17. What is CSS used for? 
    Quite simply, CSS is used to give our webpages style 
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    To select every element, such as every h2 on a page, we would use h2 {}
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    The difference between a class and an id is that a class can be used to identify one element, whereas an id can only identify one
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    To select a class in CSS we write a period (.) character followed by the name of the class we want to select 
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A parent child selector defines a relationship between two elements 
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    To select all links within a div with the class of sidebar we would use a period (.) followed by sidecar {}
24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of of the selected element
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    We use the line-height property to change the spacing between lines
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    We use the letter-spacing property to change the spacing between letters 
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    The text-transform property is used for all of the above 
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    We would use the following command: div{border: 1px dotted black;}
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    To select everything on a page in css we use *
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    To write a comment in CSS we start the comment with /* and end it with */
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    We would use the list command (ls), which will show the files in the current directory 
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    We would use the ls -la command to see a list of files/folder in our current folder 
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    To remove a file via the commmand line we would use rm, but we must be careful because it is permanent and there is no confirmation screen and/or way to go back 
34. Why should I use version control? 
    Version control has many advantages, notably that it allows multiple individuals to collaborate on the same source code 
35. How often should I commit to github?
    You should commit to github often, at the very least when a substantial portion of your work is done
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    The commandn we would use in this case would be git push -u origin branch-name
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Lambda's git flow is as follows: fork, clone the forked repo, create your own branch name, work on the repo, commit, push your changes to GitHub, open a new pull request, and add your tl as a reviewer 

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 


